---
layout: post
title: Emily Green
date: 2021-01-30
description: 2SLGBTTQ+ Representative # Read about our 2SLGBTTQ+ Representative and her policies
img: emily.png # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Community Representative] # add tag
---
## Bio
Hi guys! My name is Emily Green, and I’m going into my third year of a Political Studies Honours degree. This election season I’m so excited to be running for the position of your 2SLGBTTQ+ representative! I’m constantly inspired by the beauty and resiliency of the queer community, and take tremendous pride in belonging to the 2LSGBTTQ+ circle at the University of Manitoba. After introducing a queer awareness program for counsellors at the Student Counselling Centre and amending UM bylaws to promote trans inclusivity in the 2020-21 school year, I plan to set up channels of communication between University Health Services and gender transition services in Winnipeg, to introduce specific financial supports and bursaries for queer students, and to institute menstrual hygeine product disposal bins in University washrooms which do not yet have them (primarily men’s washrooms) if elected for the 2021-22 academic year. I look forward to fostering a vibrant 2SLGBTQ+ community in the Faculty of Arts! As always, my email is open to hear your concerns (greene1@myumanitoba.ca) relating to queer accessibility and programs, and I promise to always fight your corner! Vote UPLIFT March 25-26!

## Policies
- Set up a resource hub/channel of communication between University Health Services and transition clinics/centres in Winnipeg to better assist both international and local students undergoing gender transitioning procedures or hormone treatments.
- Introduce specific financial supports and bursaries for queer students.
- Purchase menstrual hygiene product disposal bins in student washrooms (with a focus on men’s and gender neutral washrooms which do not yet have them).
- Start a faculty-wide journal to feature the perspectives and creative endeavours (ex. fine arts, literature) of queer students. 

