---
layout: post
title: Victoria Stutsky
date: 2021-01-24
description: Women's Representative. # Read about our Women's Representative and her policies
img: victoria.png 
tags: [Community Representative] # add tag
---
## Bio
Hi there Arts students! My name is Victoria Stutsky (she/her) and I am in my fourth year of Honours Criminology with a minor in Psychology in the Faculty of Arts. I am happy to announce that I am running as Women’s Representative with my team Uplift ASBC in the Arts Student Body Council elections. 
As current ASBC Women’s representative, I have learned the importance of providing opportunities for women on campus to excel in a remote setting and will continue to do so as times remain uncertain. That being said, I recognize the impact online school has had on students, which is why I will be prioritizing women’s mental health by lobbying with other women’s groups on campus to push forward an increase in counselling services, mental health workshops, and tea talks to discuss women’s mental health. I also want to make menstrual products freely available to those who need by working in partnership with other women’s groups to implement a feminine hygiene product drive program. 
I am committed to building a community of strong, brave, healthy, and intelligent women and I am confident that with my team, Uplift ASBC, and myself as Women’s Representative, we can make the Faculty of Arts a better place for all students. Vote Uplift ASBC on March 25 and 26.

## Policies
- Advocate for women's mental health by creating a working with fellow Women's Representatives to push forward an increase in counselling services and mental health programming for women
- Spearhead a menstrual product drive program to make menstrual products openly accessible to girls, women, and people who menstruate.

