---
layout: post
title: Maruf Moshed
date: 2021-01-31
description: International Students Representative. # Read about our International Students Representative and his policies
img: maruf.png # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Community Representative] # add tag
food: community
---
My name is Maruf, I am a 2nd year Economics student and I am running to be your International Student Representative of ASBC with my team, Uplift ASBC. I have extensive experience working with international communities and the student councils in university from my time working as a Event Coordinator for UMBSA and if elected, I want to introduce individual advocacy for international arts student - this includes dealing with discrimination, abuse and negligence while maintaining confidentiality, individual sessions to help out students with visa renewals and Canadian tax law information. I also want to host workshops/seminars on cultural diversity to break down cultural differences and set up a platform that gives students the space to feel more interconnected with their community. Finally, I want to address a key communication gap for international students by working with Career Services to connect students to graduates in their respective fields.
Please visit our Instagram @uplift.asbc to check out all our policies and vote the right way forward this election! Vote Uplift ASBC on March 25th and 26th.


## Policies

- One on one interactive sessions with the student to make sure to address their problems regarding discrimination, abuse and negligence while maintaining confidentiality.
- Help International students with problems related to basic visa renewals and informative sessions on Canadian tax law.
- Host workshops and seminars on cultural diversity.
- Work in partnership with the Career Services office to provide networking opportunities to international arts students with professionals in their target careers.
