---
layout: post
title: Fardeen Zareef
date: 2021-01-30
description: President # Read about our President and his policies
img: fardeen.png # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [Executive]
---
## Bio

Hello Arts students!

Hope you are doing well. My name is Fardeen Zareef and I am a 3rd year Economics Student in the Faculty of Arts. It gives me great pleasure to announce that I am running to be your Arts Student Body Council President along with my team Uplift ASBC.As the current Co-Director of Communications for ASBC, I have had the honour of working in most of the core ASBC projects with improving engagement being the main focus. I firsthand got to experience and understand what our students want and expect from their student body. As an international student and a person of colour, I identify with the gap in communication and engagement for marginalized students and I am aware of the importance and need to provide support for our students especially as we tackle these unprecedented times together. It would be our honour to carry forward and expand on the work that ASBC has done so far.

We aim to implement our initiatives by bolstering engagement with students in Arts and increasing awareness of how to get involved with ASBC through our Community representatives and our Director of Community Engagement, centralizing ASBC’s platforms so that all students, clubs and organizations within the Arts faculty can use it to promote their projects, increasing our Holiday Relief Fund to twice a year, expanding and updating mental health and stress relief resources by connecting with local organizations, increasing awareness on the importance of sustainability in university. I am really excited about what Uplift ASBC can do for Arts students and I am confident that with our abilities and experience, we are the right way forward. On March 25th and 26th, vote for progress, vote Uplift ASBC and vote for me to be your President.

## Policy

### Community Engagement
- Initiate an Arts Volunteer program to provide students with the opportunity to work within the arts community and make it accessible to departmental student groups.
- Work with the executive team to establish the Canadian Coalition of Arts Student Bodies (CCASB), a cohort of Arts student councils in Manitoba and across Canada to address key issues in the Arts and advocate for it in our respective campuses. 
- Establish a virtual arts alumni network and work with career services to connect students to professionals and opportunities in their respective fields.
- Provide a centralized platform for Arts students, student groups and arts student owned businesses to promote their events and projects.
- Host virtual sessions for students to give all arts students a space for pushing forward concerns so that our councillors are openly accessible. 
- Introduce a peer mentor program for prospective and incoming students in the faculty of Arts (U1, ICM, High School, International Students)

### Mental Health
- Partner up with local organizations to promote mental health and stress relief initiatives.
- Work together with Senate and Community Representatives to advocate for the need of implementing trauma and cultural sensitivity training for all stakeholders involved in the arts.
- Work with the team to host stress relief activities so that Arts students have a space to connect together and enjoy a relaxed environment to destress.
- Update all available resources in a centralized virtual platform.

### Inclusive Advocacy
- Work with our team to provide a safe and welcoming environment for marginalized students and provide them a platform by representing and collaborating with them.
- Advocate at the university and faculty level to establish an app for students to report racism and human rights concerns
- Work with the Indigenous Students Centre and the UM Indigenous Students Association to introduce Indigenous-focused exercises such as the Blanket Exercise to newcomers and international students
- Team up with my UPLIFT ASBC team to make sure all concerns from Arts students are being vocalized to the maximum capacity.
