---
layout: post
title: Yashas Samtani
date: 2021-02-03
description: Director of Academic Programming # Read about our Director of Academic Programming and his policies
img: yashas.png # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Executive] # add tag
---
## Bio
Hello everyone, my name is Yashas, and I am running for the Director of Academic Programming. I am majoring in Economics, but I am passionate about Political Science and Psychology as well. I am an international student from India, and I go by the pronouns he/him. I am currently the Director of Academic Programming for ASBC and the President of the Model UN club on campus. Among my interests, I like debate, reading, and I am an author of horror fiction as well. For these upcoming elections, I am committed towards my policy objectives of connecting university education with employment and careers by partnering with Career Services, departments, and student clubs; advocating for the transparent and fair academic treatment of arts students; and promoting a positive academic environment from a mental-health and accessibility perspective. I am confident that with my team, Uplift ASBC, we can create an environment where arts students can feel confident and optimistic about their academic future. And in the meanwhile, provide a means through which Arts Students can explore careers opportunities and communicate with their student representatives in every program and department. On March 25th and 26th, please vote for me as Director of Academic Programming, along with my team Uplift ASBC!

## Policies

- Connecting education with careers and employment through collaborations with Career Services, Departments, and Student Groups to host carrer-oriented workshops.

- Advocating for transparency and fairness in the treatment of arts students while working on creating a positive academic environment from an accessibility and mental-health perspective.

- Working alongside the executive on the Canadian Coalition of Arts Student Bodies (CCASB) to identify and work on academic matters relevant to arts students collectively and collaboratively.

